Many people believe that it doesn’t matter
which religion you choose,
that religions are
like different roads that lead
to the same destination
—lasting blessings from God.
But can that be true?
Does God accept all forms of worship?
The Bible itself
describes worship as two roads:
One is spacious with many people on it.
The other is cramped
with only a few finding it.
Only the cramped road
represents acceptable worship,
leading to life and blessings from God.
How can we tell
if we are on the correct path?
Imagine that you’re lost.
You stop someone to ask for directions.
One person says to head east;
another says to go west.
Finally, someone with a map shows you
that the destination is actually north.
Which one would you believe?
The Bible is like that map,
leading us to blessings from God.
So why are there so many conflicting beliefs?
For example,
many religions teach that the human soul
lives eternally in a spiritual realm,
while others believe that they are reborn
in another body or form.
This is just one example
of the many religious beliefs
in conflict with one another.
Could all religions
really be teaching the truth?
According to the “map,”
the dead know nothing at all.
In due time,
God will restore them to life
and righteous ones
will live forever on earth.
If the Bible is clear on this teaching,
what about other matters,
such as our personal conduct?
We may belong to a religion,
but if our conduct offends God,
our worship may be futile.
The Bible teaches that many people today
would be “without self-control,
“fierce,
without love of goodness.”
However, it also says
that true worshippers of God
would be peaceable,
controlling their speech
and actions.
Rather than saying
there are many religions that please God,
the Bible says
there is only one faith.
True worship leads a person
to a good relationship with God
and everlasting life.
You may wonder:
‘How can you find the true religion?
Must you belong to an organized religion
to please God?’
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.